Register and document cluster-autoscaler `safe-to-evict` annotation (#35846)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/reference/labels-annotations-taints/_index.md

One of the [recommended labels](/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/common-labels/#labels).

### cluster-autoscaler.kubernetes.io/safe-to-evict

Example: `cluster-autoscaler.kubernetes.io/safe-to-evict: true`

Used on: Pod

> When this annotation is set to `true`, Pods can be evicted even if they don't meet other requirements for it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When this annotation is set to `true`, the cluster autoscaler is allowed to evict a Pod
even if other rules would normally prevent that.
```

What about if you set it to `false`? We could also explain that if you don't set this annotation then the cluster autoscaler follows its overall behavior.

Author: Done

One of the [recommended labels](/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/common-labels/#labels).

### cluster-autoscaler.kubernetes.io/safe-to-evict

Example: `cluster-autoscaler.kubernetes.io/safe-to-evict: true`

Used on: Pod

> When this annotation is set to `true`, the cluster autoscaler is allowed to evict a Pod
> even if other rules would normally prevent that. If this annotation is set to `false`, Pods can prevent the cluster autoscaler from removing a node.
> If this annotation is not set then the cluster autoscaler follows its overall behavior.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When this annotation is set to `true`, the cluster autoscaler is allowed to evict a Pod
even if other rules would normally prevent that.
The cluster autoscaler never evicts Pods that have this annotation explicitly set to
`false`; you could set that on an important Pod that you want to keep running.
If this annotation is not set then the cluster autoscaler follows its overall behavior.
```

Author: Done.

One of the [recommended labels](/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/common-labels/#labels).

### cluster-autoscaler.kubernetes.io/safe-to-evict

Example: `cluster-autoscaler.kubernetes.io/safe-to-evict: true`

Used on: Pod

> When this annotation is set to `true`, the cluster autoscaler is allowed to evict a Pod

Author: Addressed your suggestion.
